README.md, before:

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax/master/linter_terraform_syntax.png)

### Linter-Terraform-Syntax
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax)

Linter-Terraform-Syntax aims to provide functional and robust `terraform validate` linting and `fmt` formatting functionality within Atom.

### Atom Editor Sunset Updates

`apm` was discontinued prior to the sunset by the Atom Editor team. Therefore, the installation instructions are now as follows:

- Locate the Atom packages directory on your filesystem (normally at `<home>/.atom/packages`)
- Retrieve the code from this repository either via `git` or the Code-->Download ZIP option in Github.
- Place the directory containing the repository's code in the Atom packages directory.
- Execute `npm install` in the package directory.

Additionally, this package is now in maintenance mode. All feature requests and bug reports in the Github repository issue tracker will receive a response, and possibly also be implemented. However, active development on this package has ceased.

### Installation
Terraform >= 0.12 is required to be installed (five most recent minor versions are officially supported; check CI matrix) before using this (downgrade to 1.4.1 for 0.11 support). The Linter and Language-Terraform Atom packages are also required.

### Usage
- To quickly and easily access issues in other files, you will need to change the settings inside Linter-UI-Default. For `Panel Represents` and/or `Statusbar Represents`, you will need to change their options to `Entire Project`. This will allow you to use either display to quickly access issues in other files by clicking on the displayed information. Note this will not work on directory issues since a directory cannot be opened in a pane.
- Support for linting with `plan` was removed in version 1.6.0. Please downgrade to 1.5.1 if you wish to continue linting with `plan`.

Commit message:

more atom sunsetting and pulsar updates

README.md, after:

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax/master/linter_terraform_syntax.png)

### Linter-Terraform-Syntax
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/mschuchard/linter-terraform-syntax)

Linter-Terraform-Syntax aims to provide functional and robust `terraform validate` linting and `fmt` formatting functionality within Atom/Pulsar.

### APM (Atom) and PPM (Pulsar) Support

`apm` was discontinued prior to the sunset by the Atom Editor team. `ppm` for Pulsar does not yet support package publishing. Therefore, the installation instructions are now as follows if you want the latest version in Atom, Atom Beta, or Atom Dev:

- Locate the Atom or Pulsar packages directory on your filesystem (normally at `<home>/.{atom,pulsar}/packages`)
- Retrieve the code from this repository either via `git` or the Code-->Download ZIP option in Github.
- Place the directory containing the repository's code in the Atom or Pulsar packages directory.
- Execute `npm install` in the package directory (requires NPM).
- Repeat for any missing or outdated dependencies.

and Pulsar:

- Install the old version of the package as usual with either PPM or the GUI installer in the editor.
- Locate the Atom or Pulsar packages directory on your filesystem (normally at `<home>/.{atom,pulsar}/packages`)
- Replace the `lib/main.js` file in the package directory with the file located in this remote Github repository.

Additionally: this package is now in maintenance mode. All feature requests and bug reports in the Github repository issue tracker will receive a response, and possibly also be implemented (especially bug fixes). However, active development on this package has ceased.

Note that at this current time the package unit tests (outside of CI which will be Atom Beta `1.61.0` for the time being) and acceptance testing are performed with the latest stable version of Pulsar.

### Installation
Terraform >= 0.12 is required to be installed (five most recent minor versions are officially supported; check CI matrix) before using this (downgrade to 1.4.1 for 0.11 support). The Linter and Language-Terraform Atom packages are also required.

### Usage
- To quickly and easily access issues in other files, you will need to change the settings inside Linter-UI-Default. For `Panel Represents` and/or `Statusbar Represents`, you will need to change their options to `Entire Project`. This will allow you to use either display to quickly access issues in other files by clicking on the displayed information. Note this will not work on directory issues since a directory cannot be opened in a pane.
- Support for linting with `plan` was removed in version 1.6.0. Please downgrade to 1.5.1 if you wish to continue linting with `plan`.
